hi I'm Dan Theresa today I'm going to
dice up some scallions now scallions are
in the onion family they have a nice
sweeter lighter flavor but some people
have some trouble dicing them up we're
going to do this on the bias that is
diagonally so not only can we use them
in various recipes Asian recipes but
also we can use them for decoration
here are three nice fresh crisp
scallions
let's angle them away from us and get
rid of the whole dry tops of them now
curl your fingers underneath using a
sharp knife rest it against your
knuckles and just slice angled diagonal
ovals of the scallions continue down
remember that when you die something
long like this the food stays where it
is it is your hands and the knife that
move if you try to move everything else
you're in danger of cutting your fingers
if you need to move it back onto the
board take your knife away move the food
and then start again some people only
use the green some people only use the
white I use them both but so let's take
it down a little further and then when
you get to the root ends just discard
them and there we are that's done we're
going to use the white part and the
light part in our recipes and we're
simply going to take oh a small handful
of the green put it off to the side and
use it as a garnish